[Music]
you know what they say about Hollywood
relationships they're over before they
even began
but these famous couples are definitely
an exception because their love has
stood the test of time let's see if any
of your favorite celebrities made the
list starting with number one Salma
Hayek and Francois own repin no Salma
Hayek met Francois Rapinoe at an event
in Venice back in 2006 it wasn't
actually their first encounter though
they'd met briefly before that but never
really had a chance to get acquainted
later in one of her interviews Hayek
confessed that at first he no didn't
seem like her type but once they started
talking about everything from football
to science she instantly fell in love
with him the happy couple got married in
2009 at the stunning laughs in each a
theater in Venice they now have a
beautiful daughter and are still going
strong
ten years later number two Beyonce and
jay-z
these two are the ultimate power couple
of our time and just like any strong
relationship should begin their love
blossomed from a friendship in an
interview with Seventeen magazine
Beyonce said that she met her future
husband when she was just 18 and started
dating the famous rapper at 19 however
the rumors of their romance began
swirling only after they dropped the hit
songs oh three bonnie-and-clyde
and crazy and love still the couple made
their relationship official only a year
later appearing together on the red
carpet at the 2004 MTV VMAs they weren't
quick to tie the knot though and didn't
get married until 2008 they're still
enjoying their time together in raising
three beautiful children
number three Jessica Alba and cash
warren Jessica Alba's almost 11-year
Union started back in 2004 when she met
her future husband cash Warren
the set of fantastic for Warren was
working as a production assistant for
the movie and instantly caught Alba's
eye she revealed to Cosmopolitan
magazine that right after she met Warren
she called her best friend telling her
that she felt like she'd known him
forever and was going to know him for
the rest of her life and she was right
the couple tie the knot in 2008 and
they've been inseparable ever since the
actress says that the key to her happy
marriage is simple spend as much time
together as possible and create a
romantic atmosphere noted number 4
Claudia Schiffer and Matthew Vaughn
supermodel Claudia Schiffer has been
married to film producer Matthew Vaughn
for 17 years proving once again that
true love is out there in one of her
interviews Schiffer said that Vaughn
completely swept her off her feet when
they met their love story started almost
instantly leading to a beyond perfect
proposal that happened six months after
their first encounter - surprised
Schiffer Vaughn commissioned one of his
favorite artists to do a painting saying
marry me and gave it to Claudia of
course she said yes and they got married
in 2002 they have three amazing children
and are still head-over-heels for each
other
number five Sarah Michelle Gellar and
Freddie Prinze jr. remember the classic
horror flick I know what you did last
summer
well you can thank this movie not only
for that paranoia you get when you're
home alone but also for giving us the
ultimate couple of the 90s Sarah
Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze jr.
they met on the set back in 1996 and
started off as really good friends about
two years later they need dinner plans
with a mutual friend who just happened
to cancel at the last minute Oh shucks
Gellar and Prince decided to have dinner
anyway and ended up falling in love with
each other and never looking back
as they both admitted later it was their
friendship that helped him lay the
foundation for a strong and healthy
romance they got married on September
1st 2002 and her looking forward to sell
writing their 17th anniversary this year
whoa where does time go number six
Catherine zeta-jones and Michael Douglas
this Hollywood couple has been married
for almost 19 years as a to Joan's
recalls when she was at the Deauville
Film Festival in France back in 1996
she'd been told that fellow actor
Michael Douglas wanted to meet her
however their first encounter wasn't
that romantic after all since Douglas
walked right past her and didn't even
know it then their mutual friends
another famous couple Antonio Banderas
and Melanie Griffith introduced the two
at a private dinner yet again this
rendezvous didn't go so smooth either
because Douglas later confessed that he
ruined his chances with a cheesy pick-up
line
Zeta Jones had to leave town the next
day man must have been a really bad
pick-up line but Douglas didn't give up
and sent her some flowers and an apology
and that's how their romance began now
that's a story to tell each time someone
asks how you met your partner number
seven Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew
Broderick Sex in the City star Sarah
Jessica Parker met actor Matthew
Broderick at a party in New York City
back in 1991 they were quickly smitten
with each other and started dating right
away six years later they invited their
closest friends and family to a party
that turned out to be their surprise
wedding Parker wore a black dress that
despite all superstitions ended up being
a lucky one for her and that's because
the couple will celebrate their 22nd
anniversary this year
the actress admits that their secret is
mutual respect and never competing
against one another well it sure is
working number 8 Cate Blanchett and
Andrew Upton now this happy pair isn't
one of those couples who fell in love
right away
Blanchett admitted that she and Upton
had known each other socially and didn't
really get along at first however after
some time that mutual dislike turned
into mutual love
and they got married in 1997 according
to Blanchett their marriages happiness
heavily depends on common interests and
not keeping secrets from one another
this seems to be working pretty fine for
the couple as they still look at each
other with heart eyes after 22 years of
marriage number 9
Lisa Kudrow and Michael Stern at first
it seemed like Lisa Kudrow and her now
husband Michael Stern were not meant to
be they met in the late 80s when Stern
came to pick up Kudrow's roommate for a
date later during one interview the
friends actress admitted that it was
love at first sight for her but she kept
her feelings hidden since well her crush
was dating her roommate and all
six years later they met again and this
time all the stars aligned the couple
got married in 1995 and have been the
epitome of perfect romance ever since
number 10 Kyra Sedgwick and Kevin Bacon
even though this couple will celebrate
their 31st anniversary this year
Sedgwick wasn't impressed by bacon at
all when she first met him on the set of
lemon sky back in 1987 however he didn't
give up that easily and won her over
the couple type and not the following
year in 1988 Sedgwick thanks a couple of
factors for their long and happy
marriage their commitment to each other
no matter what conflict arises and
spending time together to keep their
relationship alive a true recipe for
endless love number 11 Rita Wilson and
Tom Hanks these two lovebirds first met
when Rita Wilson appeared in one of the
episodes of bosom buddies a sitcom Tom
Hanks started at that time Hanks was
already a husband and father so they had
a strictly professional relationship
however fate had its own plans for the
two and brought them back together again
about four years later when they both
started working on the comedy volunteers
that's when they instantly felt the
connection
even though they got married way back in
1988 they still keep their attraction
and love very much alive if only
everybody was this happy spending over
30 years together number 12
Jamie Lee Curtis and Christopher Guest
this Hollywood couples love story
deserves its own movie everything
started when Curtis was 25 years old she
was flipping through Rolling Stone
magazine when she saw a picture of a
really handsome man she immediately told
her friend Debra hill the producer and
co-writer of Halloween I'm gonna marry
this guy
well he'll informed her that the two
were through the same agency so Curtis
called her agent and told him to pass
her number on to guests the latter
however never called her back sometime
later they bumped into each other at a
restaurant in West Hollywood and soon
started dating Curtis must be a
clairvoyant or something because she did
marry that guy five months later in 1984
what a story
number 13 Meryl Streep and Don Gummer
legendary actress Meryl Streep
unexpectedly found new love after
tragedy you see at that time the man she
loved sadly lost his life to lung cancer
so she decided to get a change of
scenery from the apartment they shared
for three years and turned to a friend
of her brothers for support that friend
turned out to be Don Gummer and she
lived in his house while he was away
traveling she planned to move out as
soon as Gummer returned but he convinced
her to stay and did everything he could
to help her get through that difficult
time it wasn't long till he realized
that he was falling in love with Streep
the couple later got married in 1978 and
haven't left each other's side ever
since the actress admits that she always
shares all of her problems and fears
with her husband in strongly believes
that this open communication is the key
to a healthy relationship well I'd say
41 happy years of marriage it's proof of
that what celebrity couple is
relationship goals for you let everyone
know in the comments below remember to
give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click Subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
you